---
title: O Lord, We're Just For Your Flowing!
medleyFrom: 0
medleyTo: 0
---

**Verse 1**  
There's a life that's deeper than our mind  
With experience of man, yet so divine.  
It's a life that knows no bounds;  
And with glory is crowned;  
It's of depth and height and breadth unsearchable.  
Now this life is just the living one  
Manifested in the Person of the Son.  
As the Spirit, He flows;  
In our spirit He grows,  
Growing up to be the Church that He desires.

**Chorus**  
O Lord, we're just for Your flowing;  
How we need a deeper knowing!  
Life is why we're here  
And why You've come in us.  
Turn us, Lord, turn us now;  
Turn us deeply - life is how  
You will get the Church,  
The home You're longing for.

**Verse 2**  
In the Church, we all can apprehend  
All the riches of this life that is within.  
Not just shallowness with strife,  
But a deep and peaceful life,  
Is just waiting to flow out, a living spring.  
With the saints it's easy to be bold,  
To pursue this life, to gain it, to lay hold.  
All the other things we find,  
Must be quickly left behind,  
So that only life remains for us to see.

**Verse 3**  
Deeper, Lord, our turn must be to You;  
We would move by life in everything we do:  
All our concept refute,  
For Your life be absolute -  
Grant us grace to turn much deeper day by day.  
When we touch our spirit - such a thrill!  
This is far beyond emotion, mind and will  
It's within our hidden part.  
Come, make home in all our heart;  
Let Your presence flow as rivers deep within.
